ALL
RIGHT, WELCOME EVERYONE TO
WELCOME TO THE MAY TWENTY
EIGHTH TWENTY TWENTY FIVE
SONNYBOY REPEAL'S MEETING.
I'M CANDICE BRIERRE,
CHAIRPERSON OF THE ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS.
THE ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS IS
A NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER BOARD
NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL FIRST
PEOPLE HERE FOR PLANNING
SERVICES REPRESENTED BY JOHN
BARRETT THEN THE APPLICANT OR
THEIR REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE
THEIR PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
STAFF WILL KEEP TIME AND WILL
ANNOUNCE WHEN 30 SECONDS ARE
REMAINING PUBLIC COMMENT IS
AVAILABLE IN PERSON OR
REMOTELY.
WE WILL FIRST CALL AN
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS STAR
NINE IF LISTENING BY PHONE OR
USE THE RAISED HAND FEATURE IF
VIEWING THROUGH THE WEB LINK
FOR PHONE ACCESS CALL 877 EIGHT
FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN
AND ENTER MEETING ID NINE THREE
EIGHT ONE SIX FOUR EIGHT ONE
ZERO ZERO SEVEN CITY STAFF WILL
SELECT CALLERS THAT HAVE RAISED
THEIR HAND USING THE LAST THREE
DIGITS OF THEIR PHONE NUMBER OR
BY NAME IF AVAILABLE FOR THOSE
ACCESSING THROUGH THE WEB LINK
YOU WILL HEAR AN AUTOMATED
ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE HOST IS
ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK WHEN
SPEAKING PLEASE MOVE TO A QUIET
AREA AND MUTE ANY TELEVISION OR
BACKGROUND SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE CITY OR THE APPLICANT.
>> WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY
WRITTEN COMMENTS RECEIVED BY
THE BOARD.
>> WE WILL ALLOW AN APPEARING
PARTY TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT
OR OBJECTIONS.
>> THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS
THE APPEAL AND FORMULATE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE APPEAL.
>> FIVE AFFIRMATIVE VOTES
OF THE BOARD WILL BE REQUIRED
FOR AN APPEAL TO BE GRANTED.
FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGGRIEVED BY THE
DECISION OF THE BOARD CAN
APPEAL THAT DECISION TO THE
WASHTENAW COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT
ON A TIMELY BASIS.
ROLL CALL CANDICE BREYER I AM
HERE TO GRANT I AM HERE DAVE
DEVOTEE IS ALREADY HERE.
PETIT LASKOWSKI HERE.
JULIE WEATHERBEE HERE.
DREW DENSON HERE.
>> MCDANIEL HERE.
DERMO ECKMANN CHRISTINA LUSSAC.
>> WE HAVE A QUORUM MOVING ON
TO APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS OR
COMMENTS ON THE AGENDA?
IF NOT, WE HAVE A MOTION TO
APPROVE THE AGENDA.
>> THANK YOU.
CHILD SUPPORT SUPPORT SUPPORT
BY EVERYBODY
ALL IN FAVOR SAY I
I OPPOSED MOVING ON TO APPROVAL
OF MINUTES.
WE HAVE MINUTES FROM THE APRIL
TWENTY THIRD TWENTY TWENTY FIVE
ZEBA MEETING.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS,
COMMENTS, CORRECTIONS ON THOSE
MINUTES IF NOT DRIVE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE MINUTES FROM
APRIL.
THANK YOU PATTY SUPPORT.
OH THANK YOU JULIE.
ALL IN FAVOR.
>> SAY HI.
HI.
I OPPOSE.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO PUBLIC HEARINGS
FIRST WE HAVE PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY FIVE DASH ZERO ZERO ONE
ONE THREE THREE ONE ZERO
WASHTENAW AVENUE JOHN.
>> GOOD EVENING.
I'M JOHN BARRETT, ZONING
COORDINATOR FOR THE CITY
OF VANCOUVER.
WILL JOHNSON REPRESENTING CHICK
FIL A IS A QUESTION OF VARIANCE
OF FIFTY NINE SQUARE FEET FROM
TABLE FIVE POINT TWENTY FOUR
DASH THREE OTHER MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSES ONLY DISTRICT
PERMANENT SIGNS THE TOTAL SIDE
PACKAGE INCLUDES ONE CHICK FIL
A WILL SIGN AT FIFTY NINE
SQUARE FEET AND A NINETY TWO
SQUARE FOOT MONUMENT SIGN.
THE PROPERTY IS ALLOWED TO HAVE
A MAXIMUM OF NINETY TWO SQUARE
FEET OF SIGNAGE AND ONE HUNDRED
AND FIFTY ONE SQUARE FEET IS
BEING REQUESTED.
THE PROPERTY ZONE OWNED ONE
TRANSIT CORRIDOR THE SUBJECT
POINT EIGHT EIGHT ACRE PROPERTY
IS ON THE SOUTH SIDE
OF WASHTENAW AVENUE NEAR THE
INTERSECTION OF HURON PARKWAY
AND WASHTENAW AVENUE A NEW
FIFTY TWO HUNDRED AND FORTY
SQUARE FOOT RESTAURANT BUILDING
WITH AN OUTDOOR PATIO DINING
AREA IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION.
THE BUILDING WILL BE SET BACK
FIFTEEN FEET ALONG THE
WASHTENAW AVENUE SERVICE DRIVE
SECTION FIVE POINT TWENTY FOUR
POINT FIVE SUBSECTION B ALLOWS
TO SQUARE FEET OF SIGN AREA
PURLOINING OR FOOT OF BUILDING
FRONTAGE UP TO A MAXIMUM OF TWO
HUNDRED SQUARE FEET OF SIGN
AREA FOR PERMANENT SIGNS THAT
THE NEW BUILDING WILL HAVE A
WIDTH OF FORTY SIX FEET WHICH
ALLOWS FOR A TOTAL OF NINETY
TWO SQUARE FEET OF SIGN AREA.
>> IF YOU'LL TURN YOUR
ATTENTION TO THE MONITOR'S
YOU'LL SEE THE FIRST SLIDE IS
THE ZONING MAP WITH THE SUBJECT
PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTED IN
TURQUOISE IN THE MIDDLE OF YOUR
SCREEN AND THE NEXT SLIDE IS
THE AREA MAP SHOWING
SURROUNDING PROPERTIES AND
EXISTING CONDITIONS AND THE
NEXT ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY.
>> THAT'S THE PREVIOUS DENNY'S
RESTAURANT THAT HAS NOW BEEN
DEMOLISHED.
>> THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION ALONG WITH THE
ORIGINAL PLAN FOR THIS APPROVED
PROJECT.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
PROPOSED BUILDING ON THE EAST
SIDE OF THE LOT WHICH IS ON THE
NORTH SIDE OF THE SLIDE.
YOU CAN SEE THE WHITE BUILDING
WITH THE A B WANT TO BE TWO AND
B THREE AND THEN THE PARKING
FIGURATION.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
PROPOSED FREESTANDING SIGN
WHICH WILL BE TEN FEET IN
OVERALL HEIGHT BUT THE SIGN
ITSELF WILL BE EIGHT FEET SIX
INCHES TALL BY FIVE FEET FIVE
INCHES WIDE FOR A TOTAL
OF FORTY SIX SQUARE FEET PER
SIDE AMOUNTING TO NINETY TWO
TOTAL SQUARE.
>> THE NEXT SLIDE IS A
RENDERING OF THE PROPOSED WALL
SIGN WHICH WILL BE A TOTAL
OF FIFTY NINE SQUARE FEET AND
THAT WILL BE IS PROPOSED TO BE
ON THE FRONT ELEVATION OF THE
BUILDING.
>> THESE ARE THE RENDERINGS
OF THE RESTAURANT AND THE
PERSPECTIVE OF YOU YOU CAN SEE
AND THE TOP LEFT CORNER AND THE
BOTTOM LEFT CORNER THAT'S GOING
TO BE WHERE THE FRONT IS AND
WHERE THE PROPOSED SIGN WILL BE
NOW RIGHT HERE OVER THE OVER
THE WELL WELL THAT'S ALL RIGHT
OVER HERE FROM THE FRONT DOOR
HERE THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
PHOTOS OF THE SITE AND THE
SHOPPING CENTER ON THE RIGHT
HAND SIDE IN THE OLD I THINK
IT'S A PET SUPPLY STORE TO YOUR
LEFT IT'S JUST THE EXISTING
PHOTOS AND THERE THE SITE IS
UNDER CONSTRUCTION AND THAT'S
LOOKING DOWN THE SERVICE DRIVE
AND THE PROPOSED RESTAURANT
WILL BE ON THE RIGHT.
THAT IS ALL I HAVE AT THIS TIME
AND I'LL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS
THAT YOU MAY HAVE.
>> THANK YOU, JOHN.
QUESTIONS TODD.
YES, JOHN.
>> HOW DOES THE LIMITATION ON
THE SIGN UNDER THE CURRENT
ORDINANCE COMPARE WITH AN
EARLIER ORDINANCE?
>> WE'RE ASKING THE QUESTION A
LITTLE DIFFERENTLY.
THEY'RE PROPOSING THE 191 151
SQUARE FOOT SIGN.
HOW DOES THEIR PROPOSED SITE
COMPARE WITH THE OTHER SIGNS
SIGNS ALONG THE SERVICE DRIVE
THAT RUNS FROM FLAT TO U.S.?
TWENTY THREE MY MEMORY IS IT'S
A BIG MIX OF SIGN SITE CYESIS.
WELL, THE PREVIOUS ORDINANCE
ALONG WITH THE CURRENT
ORDINANCE DID THE SAME FORMULA
YOU GOT TO SQUARE FEET FOR
EVERY BUILDING FRONTAGE
OF LINEAR FEET IN CERTAIN
SITUATIONS WHERE THERE'S
MULTITENANT BUILDINGS WHEN YOU
HAVE MORE THAN FIVE TENANTS
OBVIOUSLY YOU CAN'T LIMIT OUR
BALANDA TO ONLY TWO HUNDRED
SQUARE FEET.
SO THEY'RE THEY'RE FORMULA IS
BASED ON THEIR TENANT OR THEIR
SUITE SIZE AND THEY'RE LINEAR
LENGTH.
SO IF YOU HAD A TENANT AT
PITTSFIELD SHOPPING CENTER UP
THE STREET SAY HONEY BAKED HAM
HAD THIRTY FEET OF FRONTAGE
THEY'D GET 60 SQUARE FEET
OF SIGNAGE BECAUSE THERE'S MORE
THAN FIVE TENANTS IN THAT
BUILDING.
BUT FOR THIS SINGLE INDIVIDUAL
TENANT IT'S BASED ON THEIR
BUILDING FRONTAGE TO THE PUBLIC
RIGHT?
>> YEAH.
SO DO I WANT TO MAKE SURE I
HEARD YOU CORRECTLY ESSENTIALLY
CHICK FIL A IS BEING SUBJECTED
TO THE SAME ORDINANCE THAT ALL
THE OTHER ONES ON THAT SERVICE
DRIVE IT HAD TO COMPLY WITH.
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
OK, THANK YOU DAVE.
>> SO THERE'S TWO SIDES HERE
THE MONUMENT SIGN AND THEN A
SIGN ON THE BUILDING.
YES.
WHERE'S THE MONUMENT SIGN GO
AND SIGN IS GOING BECAUSE
THERE'S THAT SERVICE DRIVE.
>> I'M JUST WONDERING IF IT'S
GOING TO GO RIGHT HERE, WEAR
OUT MY SKIRT PUTTING THIS
CIRCLE OVER THE RED DOT.
YOU SEE IT THIS IS A SIGN THAT
IT'S RIGHT THERE AND THAT'S TO
BE FIFTEEN FEET BACK FROM THAT
LINE AND THEN THERE'S THE
SERVICE DRIVE RIGHT THERE.
OK, THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS, RICHARD?
>> OK, IF THE PETITIONER WOULD
LIKE TO COME FORWARD AND STATE
YOUR NAME FOR THE RECORD YOU'LL
HAVE FIVE MINUTES.
GOOD EVENING.
MY NAME IS WILL JOHNSON JOHNSON
SIGN COMPANY.
APPRECIATE THE OPPORTUNITY TO
SPEAK WITH YOU ALL TODAY TO
REQUEST A SIGNAGE VARIANCE FOR
THE NEW CHECK FOR YOUR
LOCATION.
THANK YOU, JOHN, FOR THE
THOROUGH EXPLANATION I DID JUST
WANT TO POINT OUT ONE QUICK
THING BEFORE I BEGIN.
IT'S PROBABLY HARD TO SEE BUT
IT IS ON THE WEST ELEVATION
RIGHT OVER THE MAIN ENTRANCE
AND I COULD HAND THIS UP HERE
FOR YOU GUYS TO PASS.
IS IT THIS ONE RIGHT HERE WHERE
I GOT THE CURSOR THAT'S THE
PARKING LOT AND THIS COULD BE
RIGHT HERE.
THAT'S YEAH.
THAT ONE SO EVERYONE CAN SEE
THAT HERE'S THE PARKING LOT AND
THEN THERE'S THE MAIN ENTRANCE
RIGHT HERE AND IT'S GETTING
THAT GREAT.
SO I JUST WANTED TO ADDRESS
THAT FIRST AND THEN THE OTHER
THING THAT MR. GRANT MENTIONED
WAS IN REGARDS TO THE
STIPULATIONS I THINK THE ONLY
THING THAT I WOULD ADD TO THAT
IS THE RECENT CULTURE IN
GENERAL EXACTLY WHEN THAT WAS
BY ADDING TWO FACES SEPARATELY
WAS MORE OF A RECENT COLOR
CHANGE WITHIN THE PAST.
NO, IT'S NOT OK SINCE YOU OK?
>> WELL IT'S ALWAYS BEEN YOU
CAN'T BOTH SIDES BUT I'M NOT
SURE IF PREVIOUS STAFF HAVE
ALWAYS BEEN CONSISTENT WITH
THAT OR NOT.
IT'S HARD TO SPEAK FOR PREVIA.
WE'VE HAD AT LEAST FIVE
DIFFERENT PEOPLE REVIEWING
SIGNS OF THE LAST TEN TO 15
YEARS.
>> OK SO YEAH YEAH OK THANKS
FOR THE CLARIFICATION.
SO SOME OF YOU MAY RECALL THAT
THIS REQUEST WAS PREVIOUSLY ON
YOUR AGENDA BUT HOWEVER AFTER
SOME DISCUSSIONS WITH WITH JOHN
AND JUST A REVIEW OF THE RECENT
VARIOUS DECISIONS, WE MADE A
DECISION TO WITHDRAW THIS
REQUEST AND AND REALLY REVISE
OUR APPLICATION AND SO OUR
REVISED VARIANCE APPLICATION
REFLECTS A MORE REASONABLE
REQUEST DESIGNED TO ALIGN MORE
CLOSELY WITH THE CITY'S SIGNAGE
STANDARDS WHILE STILL MEETING
THE UNIQUE NEEDS OF THIS
LOCATION.
AND WE DO THINK THAT THE SITE
IN QUESTION DOES PRESENT SOME
DISTINCT CHALLENGES.
THE LAYOUT YOU GUYS HAVE
MENTIONED HAS A SERVICE DRIVE
AND A SHARED PARKING LOT THAT
PUSHED THIS BUILDING
SIGNIFICANTLY FURTHER BACK FROM
WASHINGTON.
I HAVE COMPARED TO NEIGHBORING
BUSINESSES THAT ARE JUST RIGHT
ACROSS THE ROAD FROM THEM ON
THE NORTH SIDE OF THE ROAD
ALONG WITH MANY OTHER
BUSINESSES ALONG WASHTENAW AND
ALTHOUGH THE MATURE TREE LINE
ALONG WASHTENAW IS BEAUTIFUL
ESPECIALLY THIS TIME OF YEAR,
IT REALLY DOES ADD YOU KNOW,
CREATES A PRETTY SIGNIFICANT
BARRIER TO VISIBILITY FOR THE
BUSINESSES BEHIND IT.
WE ALL KNOW HOW FRUSTRATING IT
CAN BE TO MISS A TURN EVEN WITH
GPS, RIGHT.
WE'VE ALL BEEN THERE JUST THIS
PAST WEEKEND WHEN MY WIFE AND
KIDS MISSED A FEW TURNS AS WE
WERE TRAVELING A FAMILY TRIP
JUST BECAUSE THE GPS WASN'T
WASN'T ACCURATE.
AND SO, YOU KNOW, CLEAR AND
LEGIBLE SIGNAGE IS ESSENTIAL
AND IT'S CRITICAL NOT ONLY FOR
YOUR SAFE NAVIGATION BUT ALSO
FOR HELPING DRIVERS AND
PEDESTRIANS FIND THEIR
DESTINATION CONFIDENTLY.
IN CLOSING, WE BELIEVE OUR
REQUEST FOR STRIKES A
REASONABLE REQUEST, A
REASONABLE BALANCE BETWEEN THE
ESTHETIC ESTHETIC
CONSIDERATIONS AND JUST THE
OVERALL FUNCTIONAL NEED
OF VISIBILITY AT THIS LOCATION
.
AND WITH THAT, I REALLY
APPRECIATE ALL YOUR TIME.
I KNOW I'M ONLY ONE I'M THE
PUBLIC HEARING SO I APPRECIATE
YOU GUYS THIS TIME
CONSIDERATION BE HAPPY TO
ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS THAT YOU
GUYS HAVE.
THANK YOU QUESTIONS.
OK,
THAT YOU YOU ALLUDED TO YOU
DON'T KNOW THE SPECIFICS BUT
JOHN MIGHT HAVE IT BUT IT WAS
IT WAS WELL OVER IT WAS WELL
OVER PROBABLY ALL I SPEAK TO
THAT LOOKS LIKE HE'S GOT IT.
YEAH.
SO THE PREVIOUS REQUEST WAS TO
HAVE FIFTY NINE SQUARE FEET
OF VITAL SIGNS ON ALL FOUR
ELEVATIONS AND TAKING THREE
OF THOSE DOWN IS FIFTY NINE
SQUARE FEET TIMES THREE
COTTONMOUTH TO ONE HUNDRED AND
SEVENTY SEVEN SQUARE FEET WAS
REDUCED THEY WERE GOING TO HAVE
FOUR SIGNS OUR BUILDINGS ARE
GOING TO HAVE ONE PLUS THE
FREESTANDING SITE SO IS THAT
CHICK FIL A YOU'RE GOING TO BE
FURTHER BACK AND A LOT THAN
DENNIS WAS IN THE SAME LOCATION
EXACTLY THE SAME LOCATION.
>> SO MOST OF THE PARKING IS
BEHIND THE BUILDING.
MOST OF THE PARKING IS BEHIND
LOCATION IS THE ACTUAL
BUILDING.
WHAT WAS THE MOST OF THE
PARKING WILL BE BEHIND THE
BUILDING?
YEAH.
AND ARE YOU SIGNAGE ON THE
BUILDING?
WILL THAT BE ALONG WASHTENAW OR
WILL IT BE ALONG A WEST FACING
SIDE OF THE WEST ELEVATION.
SO IT WOULD BE ON THE WEST SIDE
NOT ON THE WASHTENAW SIDE RIGHT
HERE.
DAVE, DO YOU SEE THAT DIAGRAM
RIGHT THERE IS A B FOR YEAH
THAT'S WHERE THAT WEST
ELEVATION THAT'S THE MAIN
ENTRANCE THAT'S WHERE IT WILL
BE ON THE PARKING AS WASHINGTON
IS TO THE LEFT IF YOU GO TO THE
NEXT TWO PAGES DOWN JOHN IS
THERE OK THINGS ARE PAGES
SLIGHTLY OUT BUT OK YOU HAVE A
PICTURE HERE BUT YEAH IT'S ON
THE WEST ELEVATION.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU KNOW THIS IS THE YOU PULL
IN RIGHT HERE AND THAT'S THE
WEST ELEVATION THAT'S BEFORE
THAT'S THE MAIN THERE'S THE
PARKING LOT AND THAT'S THE WEST
ELEVATION CORRECT RIGHT HERE
AND THIS IS THE NORTH THIS THE
WEST.
>> THIS IS THE SOUTH EAST.
OKAY.
GOT YOU.
>> YEAH.
PITY SO THAT'S THE
YOU'LL BE
ABLE I MEAN YEAH YOU'LL BE ABLE
TO I THINK YOU KNOW THE ONE
THING I JUST WANTED IS THE
VISIBILITY RIGHT.
NO UM IT'S NOT OH AND I KNOW
LIKE FOR EXAMPLE WITH ANY SIGN
BEFORE THIS WAS A MUCH LARGER
SIGN YOU KNOW JUST DUE TO I
DON'T KNOW IF IT WAS THE WAY IT
WAS CALCULATED OR NOT BUT IT
WAS SIGNIFICANT UP HERE IN
QUITE A BIT LARGER.
>> SO THESE EASTBOUND I MEAN IN
THEORY THE EAST BOUND TRAFFIC
WILL BE CLOSER, RIGHT?
IT WILL BE IN THE WE'LL BE
HEADING FURTHER EAST.
YEAH.
SO THEY'LL BE ON THE YEAH.
THROUGHOUT WASHINGTON THEY'LL
BE LOOKING AT IT FROM THIS
DIRECTION.
RIGHT.
SO YOU'LL BE CLOSER TO YOU'LL
BE CLOSER TO IT THAN YOU WOULD
IF YOU'RE HEADING WESTBOUND.
SO IN THEORY YOU SHOULD BE ABLE
TO SEE IT BETTER THAN KIND OF A
CROSSED IF YOU'RE HEADING
WESTBOUND TO MR. JOHNSON WHERE
WILL THE OUTDOOR PATIO BE?
I MEAN IT'S NICE HERE THAT I
MEAN THAT'S CERTAINLY AN
ATTRACTIVE MY WIFE AND I WILL
NEED TO CHECK IT OUT.
BUT IS THE PATIO GOING TO BE IF
YOU'RE DRIVING EAST TOWARD
YPSILANTI, IS THE PATIO GOING
TO BE FACING WASHTENAW SO
PEOPLE WILL SEE THE PATIO AREA
AS THEY DRIVE ALONG WASHTENAW
OR IS IT GOING TO BE BEHIND THE
BUILDING?
>> I'M NOT SURE I THAT WOULD
SEEM TO ME TO BE AN IMPORTANT
THING.
>> I MEAN A PATIO WHERE IS
GOING TO STAND OUT MORE THAN A
SIGN ON THAT STRETCH BECAUSE
IT'S ALL ENCLOSED BUILDINGS
THAT A NICE PATIO WILL REALLY
DRAW PEOPLE IN AGAIN, I'M HERE
MORE FOR THE SIGNS BUT I'LL TRY
TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTION AS BEST
I CAN AT LEAST BASED ON THIS
PICTURE JOHN HAS PULLED UP
HERE.
I BELIEVE THAT THE PATIO AND I
CAN SEE IT HERE ON ANOTHER
ELEVATION I SEE LOOKS LIKE
GOING TO BE THE NORTH SIDE.
>> YEAH, THAT WOULD DO IT.
SO IF IT'S ON THE NORTH SIDE
THEN IT'LL BE BETWEEN THE MAIN
FACADE OF THE BUILDING AND
WATCHING DRIVING YOU'LL SEE IT
RIGHT THERE.
>> OK GOOD THANK YOU.
WELL ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR
THE PETITIONER.
RIGHT THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
YEAH.
IF THERE IS ANYONE FROM THE
PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION NOW'S YOUR
OPPORTUNITY.
I DO NOT SEE ANYONE PRESENT BUT
IF THERE'S ANYONE ACCESSING THE
MEETING REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS
STAR NINE OR USE THE RACE HAND
FUNCTION.
THERE ARE NO CALLERS AT THIS
TIME.
THANK YOU CHARLIE.
I WILL NOTE WE DID RECEIVE ONE
LETTER OF OPPOSITION FROM
KRZYSZTOF LOWER AS WELL AS A
JOSEPH P. DEVRO, THE PRESIDENT
LETTER OF OPPOSITION FROM
OF THE ARLINGTON CONDOMINIUM
JOSEPH P. DEVRO, THE PRESIDENT
ASSOCIATION AND WITH THAT THE
OF THE ARLINGTON CONDOMINIUM
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED AND
ASSOCIATION AND WITH THAT THE
WE'RE IN DISCUSSION THAT I HAVE
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED AND
A MICROPHONE.
WE'RE IN DISCUSSION THAT I HAVE
I'M GETTING BETTER.
A MICROPHONE.
SOME OF YOU MAY KNOW CHICK FIL
I'M GETTING BETTER.
A I THINK RIGHT NOW IS THE
SOME OF YOU MAY KNOW CHICK FIL
FASTEST GROWING FAST FOOD CHAIN
A I THINK RIGHT NOW IS THE
IN THE COUNTRY.
FASTEST GROWING FAST FOOD CHAIN
YOU'RE REALLY IN EXPANSION MODE
IN THE COUNTRY.
AND PASTING BURGER KING AND THE
YOU'RE REALLY IN EXPANSION MODE
OTHER PEOPLE ON THE CHICKEN
AND PASTING BURGER KING AND THE
LINE OF BUSINESS.
OTHER PEOPLE ON THE CHICKEN
THEY HAVE WELL OVER 200 STORES.
LINE OF BUSINESS.
THEY'RE VERY POPULAR.
THEY HAVE WELL OVER 200 STORES.
THERE'S GOING TO BE A NICE
THEY'RE VERY POPULAR.
ADDITION AND I THINK PEOPLE
THERE'S GOING TO BE A NICE
THAT KNOW ABOUT IT VERY QUICKLY
ADDITION AND I THINK PEOPLE
SO I'M NOT WORRIED ABOUT PEOPLE
THAT KNOW ABOUT IT VERY QUICKLY
NOT HEARING ABOUT THE
SO I'M NOT WORRIED ABOUT PEOPLE
RESTAURANT IN TERMS OF THE
NOT HEARING ABOUT THE
CRITERIA WE HAVE TO LOOK AT.
RESTAURANT IN TERMS OF THE
I I'M NOT SURE THAT THIS
CRITERIA WE HAVE TO LOOK AT.
PROPOSAL MEETS ANY OF THEM
I I'M NOT SURE THAT THIS
REGARDING THE FIRST ONE ABOUT
PROPOSAL MEETS ANY OF THEM
EXCEPTIONAL PECULIAR DIFFICULTY
REGARDING THE FIRST ONE ABOUT
BUT THE SERVICE DRIVE ALONG THE
EXCEPTIONAL PECULIAR DIFFICULTY
ENTIRE STRETCH FROM PLANT TO
BUT THE SERVICE DRIVE ALONG THE
U.S. 23 FACES THE SAME
ENTIRE STRETCH FROM PLANT TO
DISADVANTAGE THEY'RE SET BACK
U.S. 23 FACES THE SAME
FROM WASHERMAN BUT I ACTUALLY
DISADVANTAGE THEY'RE SET BACK
VIEW THAT AS AN ADVANTAGE
FROM WASHERMAN BUT I ACTUALLY
BECAUSE WASHTENAW IS SO CROWDED
VIEW THAT AS AN ADVANTAGE
IT'S A MANAGER FULL DRIVING
BECAUSE WASHTENAW IS SO CROWDED
TENSION AND PATTY, I SEE YOU
IT'S A MANAGER FULL DRIVING
NODDING YOUR HEAD BUT IF YOU
TENSION AND PATTY, I SEE YOU
WANT TO STEP OFF AND GO TO A
NODDING YOUR HEAD BUT IF YOU
BUSINESS YOU'RE GOING TO PULL
WANT TO STEP OFF AND GO TO A
INTO THAT SERVICE PRETTY
BUSINESS YOU'RE GOING TO PULL
QUICKLY AND THEN ONLY THEN WILL
INTO THAT SERVICE PRETTY
YOU START GAUGING THE SIGNS
QUICKLY AND THEN ONLY THEN WILL
WHERE YOU NEED TO GO.
YOU START GAUGING THE SIGNS
SO I DON'T THINK THEY'RE CLOSE
WHERE YOU NEED TO GO.
IN CRITERIA IN TERMS OF THE
SO I DON'T THINK THEY'RE CLOSE
NEED FOR THE SIGN OVERALL THE
IN CRITERIA IN TERMS OF THE
IDEA THAT THEY'RE ASKING FOR
NEED FOR THE SIGN OVERALL THE
ANOTHER 64 PERCENT INCREASE
IDEA THAT THEY'RE ASKING FOR
OVER WHAT THE ORDINANCE WOULD
ANOTHER 64 PERCENT INCREASE
ALLOW THAT WOULD BE TREATING
OVER WHAT THE ORDINANCE WOULD
THEM DIFFERENTLY THAN THE OTHER
ALLOW THAT WOULD BE TREATING
BUSINESSES IN WASHTENAW AS JOHN
THEM DIFFERENTLY THAN THE OTHER
HAS SAID.
BUSINESSES IN WASHTENAW AS JOHN
AND THERE'S NO PARTICULAR
HAS SAID.
REASON TO DO THAT.
AND THERE'S NO PARTICULAR
THE PATIO AREA ON THE NORTH
REASON TO DO THAT.
SIDE IS WHAT WILL DRAW PEOPLE
THE PATIO AREA ON THE NORTH
IN.
SIDE IS WHAT WILL DRAW PEOPLE
PEOPLE LOVE EATING OUTSIDE
IN.
PARTICULARLY IN THE WARMER
PEOPLE LOVE EATING OUTSIDE
MONTHS AND THAT'S MUCH BIGGER
PARTICULARLY IN THE WARMER
THAN ANY SIGN COULD BE.
MONTHS AND THAT'S MUCH BIGGER
>> AND WHILE IT IS TRUE THAT A
THAN ANY SIGN COULD BE.
SLIGHTLY BIGGER SIDE ISN'T
>> AND WHILE IT IS TRUE THAT A
GOING TO HURT ANY BUSINESSES,
SLIGHTLY BIGGER SIDE ISN'T
THEY HAVEN'T PRESENTED ANY
GOING TO HURT ANY BUSINESSES,
PROOF WIDE.
THEY HAVEN'T PRESENTED ANY
THEIR NEEDS ARE SO SPECIAL THAT
PROOF WIDE.
THEY NEED TO HAVE AND EXCEPTION
THEIR NEEDS ARE SO SPECIAL THAT
TO AN ORDINANCE THAT'S WORKED
THEY NEED TO HAVE AND EXCEPTION
WELL FOR ALL THE BUSINESSES
TO AN ORDINANCE THAT'S WORKED
ALONG THE WASHTENAW CORRIDOR.
WELL FOR ALL THE BUSINESSES
SO FOR THESE REASONS AND SOME
ALONG THE WASHTENAW CORRIDOR.
OTHERS WHICH I'LL SKIP FOR NOW
SO FOR THESE REASONS AND SOME
I'M NOT GOING TO VOTE IN FAVOR
OTHERS WHICH I'LL SKIP FOR NOW
OF THIS.
I'M NOT GOING TO VOTE IN FAVOR
>> JOHN, I HAVE A QUESTION THE
OF THIS.
OVERALL EXTENSION OF THE
>> JOHN, I HAVE A QUESTION THE
VARIATION IS THAT BETWEEN THE
OVERALL EXTENSION OF THE
TWO SIDES TOGETHER OR IS IT FOR
VARIATION IS THAT BETWEEN THE
THE SIDE THAT ON THE WEST
TWO SIDES TOGETHER OR IS IT FOR
SPACING SIDE OR IS THE PEDESTAL
THE SIDE THAT ON THE WEST
SIDE THAT'S GOING TO BE
SPACING SIDE OR IS THE PEDESTAL
STICKING OUT?
SIDE THAT'S GOING TO BE
I GUESS I'M CONFUSED AS TO THE
STICKING OUT?
EXTENSION OF THE VARIATION IS
I GUESS I'M CONFUSED AS TO THE
THE OVERALL AMOUNT OF SIGNAGE
EXTENSION OF THE VARIATION IS
NOT A SPECIFIC SIGN THAT
THE OVERALL AMOUNT OF SIGNAGE
THEY'RE PUTTING?
NOT A SPECIFIC SIGN THAT
THAT'S CORRECT.
THEY'RE PUTTING?
FOR THE TOTAL THE TOTAL
THAT'S CORRECT.
ALLOTMENT YOU KNOW, KAROLI
FOR THE TOTAL THE TOTAL
NINETY TWO TOTAL SQUARE FEET
ALLOTMENT YOU KNOW, KAROLI
BECAUSE THE BUILDING'S FORTY
NINETY TWO TOTAL SQUARE FEET
SIX FEET WIDE.
BECAUSE THE BUILDING'S FORTY
RIGHT.
SIX FEET WIDE.
SO THEY GET NINETY TWO SQUARE
RIGHT.
FEET WHAT THEY'RE ASKING FOR
SO THEY GET NINETY TWO SQUARE
ONE FIFTY ONE OK SO IT'S A
FEET WHAT THEY'RE ASKING FOR
FIFTY NINE SQUARE FOOT
ONE FIFTY ONE OK SO IT'S A
INTERPOSED BETWEEN THE TWO
FIFTY NINE SQUARE FOOT
THERE'S NO THERE'S NO IT'S NOT
INTERPOSED BETWEEN THE TWO
THAT SPECIFIC OK THERE'S NOT
THERE'S NO THERE'S NO IT'S NOT
ONE THAT WAS MADE ONE SQUARE
THAT SPECIFIC OK THERE'S NOT
FEET ANOTHER ONE FOR FORTY OR
ONE THAT WAS MADE ONE SQUARE
ANYTHING LIKE THAT AND AS I'M
FEET ANOTHER ONE FOR FORTY OR
UNDERSTANDING CAN YOU CAN YOU
ANYTHING LIKE THAT AND AS I'M
GO BACK TO THE ONE THAT HAS THE
UNDERSTANDING CAN YOU CAN YOU
IS THAT THE OUTDOOR FURNITURE
GO BACK TO THE ONE THAT HAS THE
WATSONS I THINK IT IS.
IS THAT THE OUTDOOR FURNITURE
IS IT GOING TO BE SIMILAR IN
WATSONS I THINK IT IS.
LINE WITH THAT IN TERMS OF THE
IS IT GOING TO BE SIMILAR IN
MONUMENT SIGN?
LINE WITH THAT IN TERMS OF THE
I MEAN IS IT GOING TO BE IN
MONUMENT SIGN?
THAT SAME KIND OF IF WE EXTEND
I MEAN IS IT GOING TO BE IN
THIS BACK TO THE RIGHT IS IT
THAT SAME KIND OF IF WE EXTEND
SITTING IN THAT SORT OF SAME
THIS BACK TO THE RIGHT IS IT
OUT LIKE WE'LL BE ABLE PAST THE
SITTING IN THAT SORT OF SAME
OLD PET SHOP HERE?
OUT LIKE WE'LL BE ABLE PAST THE
>> IT'S GOING TO 15 FEET BEHIND
OLD PET SHOP HERE?
THEIR PROPERTY LINE.
>> IT'S GOING TO 15 FEET BEHIND
>> OK, AND THEN THE BIG SIGN ON
THEIR PROPERTY LINE.
THE FRONT IS ACTUALLY FACING
>> OK, AND THEN THE BIG SIGN ON
THE BACK OF THE OR I THINK IT
THE FRONT IS ACTUALLY FACING
WILL BE TEN FEET BEHIND THE
THE BACK OF THE OR I THINK IT
PROPERTY LINE TEND TO BE ON THE
WILL BE TEN FEET BEHIND THE
PROPERTY.
PROPERTY LINE TEND TO BE ON THE
IT'S TEN FEET TALL SO THEY HAVE
PROPERTY.
TO BE MINIMAL ONE FOOT BEHIND
IT'S TEN FEET TALL SO THEY HAVE
FOR EVERY FOOT IN HEIGHT.
TO BE MINIMAL ONE FOOT BEHIND
SO BE TEN FEET BEHIND THE
FOR EVERY FOOT IN HEIGHT.
PROPERTY LINE.
SO BE TEN FEET BEHIND THE
SHOULD THE 18 FOOT ONE THE
PROPERTY LINE.
PROPERTY PARDON ME WE SHOULD 18
SHOULD THE 18 FOOT ONE THE
FOOT ONE ARE THEY OR THEY GET
PROPERTY PARDON ME WE SHOULD 18
TO BE TEN FEET BEHIND THE
FOOT ONE ARE THEY OR THEY GET
PROPERTY LINE SO IF THEY CHOOSE
TO BE TEN FEET BEHIND THE
EIGHTEEN THAT'S ON THEM THEY
PROPERTY LINE SO IF THEY CHOOSE
THEY CAN BE TURNED AND I WOULD
EIGHTEEN THAT'S ON THEM THEY
SAY IF YOU'RE LOOKING AT THAT
THEY CAN BE TURNED AND I WOULD
WATSON SIGN RIGHT THERE IF THE
SAY IF YOU'RE LOOKING AT THAT
CURB LINE IS IS THE PROPERTY
WATSON SIGN RIGHT THERE IF THE
LINE THAT'S PROBABLY TEN TEN TO
CURB LINE IS IS THE PROPERTY
TWELVE FEET.
LINE THAT'S PROBABLY TEN TEN TO
>> RIGHT.
TWELVE FEET.
OR AND THEN THE LARGE SIGN
>> RIGHT.
GOING IN FRONT OF THE FRONT
OR AND THEN THE LARGE SIGN
DOOR IT PRAGMATICALLY IS
GOING IN FRONT OF THE FRONT
LOOKING AT THE BACK OF THAT
DOOR IT PRAGMATICALLY IS
SHOPPING MALL.
LOOKING AT THE BACK OF THAT
IF YOU'RE LOOKING AT A PROPERTY
SHOPPING MALL.
TO THE RIGHT.
IF YOU'RE LOOKING AT A PROPERTY
YES.
TO THE RIGHT.
SO IT'S NOT FACING THE FRONT
YES.
LIKE YOU SEE WITH CHAPPELLET
SO IT'S NOT FACING THE FRONT
WITH YOU SEE WITH ALL THESE
LIKE YOU SEE WITH CHAPPELLET
OTHER STORES.
WITH YOU SEE WITH ALL THESE
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
OTHER STORES.
IT WILL BE MORE ON THE INTERIOR
>> THAT'S CORRECT.
OF THE PROPERTY.
IT WILL BE MORE ON THE INTERIOR
>> OK,
JOHN, IS THERE A HEIGHT
LIMIT MONUMENT SIGN UP FRONT?
I COULD THEY BE AS HIGH AS
THAT?
WHAT'S INSIDE MAXIMUM HEIGHT
FOR SIGNS IN THAT FREESTANDING
SIDE OF THAT DISTRICT?
>> TWENTY FIVE FEET SO THEY
COULD BE THAT HIGH
.
YES.
AND JUST THE CHICK FIL A WOULD
JUST HAVE TO BE A PART OF THAT
TO BE THE SIGNAGE.
LET ME VERIFY ALMOST 100
PERCENT POSITIVE IT'S TWENTY
FIVE FEET TWENTY FEET SHOW WITH
OR WITHOUT A VARIANCE HE COULD
DO SOMETHING THAT HIGH 25 FEET
CORRECT.
AND IF WE'RE LOOKING AT THAT,
WHAT'S THE SIGN IF CHICK FIL A
PUT THEIR LOGO ON THE TOWER
LIKE THAT THEY WOULD JUST COUNT
THE SQUARE FOOTAGE OF THE AREA
AT THE CHICK FIL A'S LETTERS
TAKEUP.
>> YES, WE'VE SQUARE IN OR DO
THE AREA THE OUTER LIMITS
OF THE SITE SO THE REST OF THE
TOWER WOULDN'T COUNT AS PART
OF THE 1980S.
CORRECT.
SO THEY COULD REALLY PUT TWO OR
THREE CHICK FIL A'S ON THERE?
>> WELL, I DON'T THINK THEY ON
THAT.
I'M NOT SURE IF THEY ARE NOT ON
THAT ONE BUT IF THEY BUILT THE
TOWER IN FRONT OF THEIR YOU
KNOW, THERE'S THE PET SUPPLY
FORMER PET SUPPLY STORE RIGHT
THERE.
I MEAN MOST OF THESE BUSINESSES
CHIPOTLE, THE ACE HARDWARE, ALL
OF THESE THINGS DON'T HAVE THAT
ARE SET WAY BACK DON'T HAVE
SIGNAGE EVEN AT THE FRONT
OF THE SERVICE DRIVE.
THE WATSONS IS THE ONLY ONE
THAT HAS SIGNAGE UP THAT CLOSE
TO THE SERVICE DRIVE.
IF YOU GO FURTHER UP WHERE THE
IN OUR COIN SHOP IS AND THERE'S
A HAD A PET THOSE THOSE ARE
RIGHT ALONG THERE.
THOSE RETAILERS ARE THE ONES
WHO WALK OUT THE DOOR ON THE
SIDEWALK AND THEN THERE'S CURB
THERE IS GRASS MEDIAN STRIP IN
FRONT RIGHT.
SO THEY'RE RIGHT AT THIS THE
THE LOT YEAH.
SO THERE THEY ARE CLOSER TO
WASHTENAW IF ANYWAY BECAUSE
THAT'S THE FRONT OF THE
BUILDING IS CLOSED.
YEAH THEY DON'T HAVE A GREEN
GROUP.
YEAH I WERE THERE CONSTRAINTS
ON THE YOU KNOW THIS IS TOTALLY
NEW CONSTRUCTION THAT'S
CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION
WHERE THERE ARE CONSTRAINTS ON
HOW FAR SET BACK THE BUILDING
HAD TO BE FROM THE SERVICE
DRIVE I HAVE HAD TO FOLLOW THE
CODE THAT HAD TO BE A CERTAIN
DISTANCE FOR THE TAXI ONE
DISTRICT FROM THE SERVICE
DRIVER FROM FROM THE PROPERTY
LINE, FROM THE PROPERTY LINE
AND YOU KNOW WHAT THAT CERTAIN
DISTANCES I THINK IS BETWEEN
TEN AND TWENTY FIVE THE MINIMUM
OF THAT MAXIMUM TWENTY FIVE
WHICH IS BASICALLY WHERE
THEY'RE THEY'RE NOT YOUR SIGN
WOULD COULD BE CORRECT.
OK THANK YOU
.
>> AND JUST TO MAKE A QUICK
NOTE ACE DOES HAVE A LINE SIGN
TO AND I FEEL LIKE THERE'S
ANOTHER SIGN BEHIND THAT AS
WELL FOR THE SHOPPING COMPLEX
SWEDIEN FOR WHO.
>> YEAH IT'S A LOW BUT THE
STRIP DOWN FURTHER DOWN THOSE
DON'T HAVE A GREEN MEDIUM IN
FRONT OF THE BUILDING NOWADAYS
HARDWARE HAS A GREEN MEDIUM.
>> YEAH BUT WHAT ABOUT THE
BUILDINGS BEYOND THAT GRAYISH
ONE.
>> YEAH I'M TALKING ABOUT DOWN
TOWARDS BY THE BRITISH EMBASSY
AND THEN WE'RE THE WINGSTOP IS
AND ALL THOSE DOWN THERE THAT'S
PITTSVILLE VILLAGE NO STORES
ARE YOU WALK OUT ON THE
SIDEWALK THEN BOOM YOU'RE IN
THE PARKING LOT THAT'S WHY THEY
DON'T HAVE FREESTANDING SIGNS
BUT I BELIEVE THEY HAVE A
MULTITENANT SIGN OUT FRONT.
YES I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT THERE
IS NO MULTITENANT SIGN FOR
THESE GUYS THAT ARE ON THE
GREEN STRIP RIGHT NOW BECAUSE
THEY'RE INDIVIDUALLY OWNED
INDIVIDUAL PROPERTIES
INDIVIDUALLY.
BUT WE'RE LIKE THE SHOPPING
CENTER DOWN A LITTLE BIT
FURTHER TO THE EAST TOWARDS
CLOSER TO TWENTY THREE.
THOSE ARE MULTITENANT SHOPPING
CENTERS WHERE THEY'D HAVE A
MULTITENANT SIGN
GROUP I IS
GIVEN THAT TO SIGN THE IS THAT
WHAT THEY'RE ASKING THERE IS
FOR GIVEN THE LOCATION IS THIS
SOMETHING THAT'S NATIONAL I
GUESS LIKE IT USUALLY IS THE
FRONT DOOR AND THE LARGE SIGN
LEAVING THE SERVICE VERY WELL.
WHAT IS THE MONUMENT YOU'D BE
LIKE WATCHING ALL THOSE OTHERS
THAT WOULD BE HAVING DRIVEN
THIS AWAY WOULD BE WHERE PEOPLE
ACTUALLY SEE SO TO SIGN THE
SIGN THAT THEY WANT TO REMAIN
IN THAT GRASSY AREA THAT OVER A
FEW WHAT THEY'RE PROPOSING IS
IT'S BY ITSELF IS THE TWO
OF THEM TOGETHER?
YES, THAT'S CORRECT.
YEP.
THE FREESTANDING SIGN IS 90
SQUARE FEET.
THEY'RE ALLOWED 90 SQUARE FEET.
IT'S NOW THE ADDITIONAL WALLS
ON THE WALL SIDE OF THE FRONT
DOOR SPACE.
BUT LIKE MR JOHNSON STATED, YOU
KNOW, PREVIOUSLY THERE WERE
THIS BUSINESS WANTED FOR
ELEVATION'S AND NOW THEY'RE
REDUCED THEIR REQUEST DOWN TO
ONE THEY COULD FEASIBLY PUT
DOWN THE I GUESS THE ONE END
OF THE STORE AND HAVE THEM BOTH
SIDES WOULD ACTUALLY FACE IT ON
.
YEAH, BUT THAT SIDE THAT FACES
WASHTENAW DOESN'T HAVE A FRONT
ENTRANCE DOOR WHERE THEY'RE
PUTTING IT ON THE WEST SIDE
ABOVE THE ABOVE THEIR MAIN
ENTRANCE WHERE YOU PARK AND
WALK IN AND YOU I JUST AS AN
AIDE I'D LIKE TO WE'RE EVEN IF
WE GRANT EXPERIENCE IT'S A VERY
SUDDEN THEY'RE TOTAL SO THEY
CAN DO WHATEVER THEY WANT WITH
THE TOTAL RIGHT NOW THEY'VE GOT
A NINETY TWO FOOT WITHOUT A
VARIANCE AND THEY COULD PUT
SIXTY FEET OF IT ON THE
MONUMENT AND THIRTY FEET OF IT
ON THE BUILDING OR THEY COULD
PUT IN ALL OF IT ON THE
BUILDING AND NOT HAVE A
MONUMENT SIGN BUT THERE IS I
MEAN WHAT WE'RE DOING IS THE
TOTAL IT'S UP TO THEM HOW THEY
DISTRIBUTE IT THAT'S NOT WE'RE
NOT LOOKING AT BECAUSE IT'S TWO
SIGNS WE'RE LOOKING AT THE
TOTAL HOW THEY USE THAT TOTAL
IS UP TO THEM
.
YEAH, PITY.
SO GIVEN THAT THE SITE ACTUALLY
IS BLOCKED BY STORY NO IT'LL BE
BLOCKED BY THE PRETTY MUCH THE
WHOLE SITE IS GOING TO BE JUST
DIRECTLY ADJACENT TO THE PET
SUPPLY STORE SO YOU WILL NOT BE
ABLE TO SEE IF YOU'RE DENHA ON
THAT W ELEVATION YOU'LL ONLY
SEE CHICK FIL A YOU WON'T SEE
THE THE PET SUPPLY STORE.
THEY'RE GOING TO BE TWO LARGE
BUILDINGS ADJACENT TO ONE
ANOTHER.
SO ANY OTHER DISCUSSION
OF AS
FAR AS I'M LOOKING AT THIS I
DON'T SEE ANY REASON TO GRANT A
VARIANCE.
I'M PROBABLY GOING TO VOTE
AGAINST THIS UNLESS SOMEBODY
REALLY CONVINCES ME THERE'S A
REASON I THINK THEY HAVE ENOUGH
SIGNAGE CAPACITY WITH THE
NINETY TWO FEET JUST THINKING
CREATIVELY HOW THEY USE IT.
I THINK THEY WILL HAVE
SUFFICIENT CAPABILITY TO SIGN
PUT SIGNAGE ON THIS BUILDING OR
ON THEIR PROPOSED MONUMENT
HOWEVER THEY DECIDE TO DO IT
WELL I'LL VOTE AGAINST THE
VARIOUS I AM INCLINED TO AGREE
WITH YOU WHILE I APPRECIATE
THAT THEY CAME BACK WITH A
REVISED PETITION THAT
DRAMATICALLY REDUCED WHAT THEY
WERE ASKING FOR, I'M STILL NOT
SURE THAT THERE'S REALLY
ANYTHING PARTICULARLY UNIQUE
ABOUT THIS PARCEL THAT DOESN'T
IMPACT ALL OF THE PARCELS
ADJACENT TO THEM.
>> AND I AGREE THAT I THINK IF
THEY GET CREATIVE AND MAYBE
IT'S NOT THEIR CORPORATE
STANDARD BUT I THINK THEY COULD
DO TO SMALLER SIGNS OR LIKE YOU
SAID DECIDE THROW IT ALL AT ONE
SIGN AND NOT HAVE A WALL SIGN
OR NOT HAVE A MONUMENT SIGN IN
AND MEET WHAT'S REQUIRED.
>> SO THAT'S KIND OF WHERE I
MET DAVE I I WILL FOR THE
BENEFIT OF THE I KNOW YOU'RE
THE SAME COMPANY AND NOT THAT
PEOPLE THE FRANCHISEE OR
WHOEVER OWNS THE BUT I HAVE
SEEN WHAT THEY CALL
NONCOMMITTED KIND OF FLAPPING
FABRIC SIGNS THAT I BELIEVE
SOME OF THESE BUSINESSES ALONG
THERE PUT OUT THEIR EVEN I EVEN
SOMETIMES ON THE EXTENSION AREA
THERE WHICH IS IN THE RIGHT
OF WAY RIGHT.
SO I I AND I KNOW THEY'RE NOT
PERMANENT SIGNS AND THEY'RE
JUST THEY'RE SPECIAL EVENTS OR
SOMETHING.
THEY PUT A SIGN UP IN JOHN
CORRECT ME IF I'M WRONG I'M NOT
I'M GETTING READY TO CORRECT
THOSE OTHER FLAGS THAT WE CALL
THEM ARE ACTUALLY PROHIBITED
SIGNS ARE THEY ARE YES.
AND THEY'RE ALSO NOT ALLOWED
THE RIGHT AWAY.
SO MYSELF AND CHARLIE GO QUITE
FREQUENTLY AND TALK TO BUSINESS
OWNERS AND INFORM THEM OF THE
CODE AND CHARLIE'S PROBABLY
DONE ABOUT A DOZEN IN THE LAST
TWO WEEKS.
OK, SO I SHOULD WHEN I SEE
THOSE I SHOULD CALL YOU CAN DO
THAT SO SO CONTINUING ALONG
DAVE'S LINE OF THINKING COULD
THEY HAVE SOMEBODY RUNNING
AROUND IN A RED CHICKEN SUIT?
YEAH.
UP AND DOWN WITH WOULD THAT BE
LEGAL.
I KNOW NOT HERE BUT I'VE SEEN
THEM OF COURSE IN NEW YORK CITY
BUT WHERE THERE'S A JOB BUT
IT'S A OF A JOB.
WELL THIS BUSINESS WOULD
PROBABLY BE SOMEONE TO BE
DRESSED
LACAU SINCE THAT'S
THEIR OH LOGO AND THEIR THING.
BUT GENERALLY WE DON'T WEAR
CHICKENS.
WE DON'T ALLOW THAT EITHER
BECAUSE IT'S A DISTRACTION TO
THE AUSTRIANS AND MOTORISTS AND
IT'S A POTENTIAL SAFETY HAZARD
.
CERTAINLY OTHER DISCUSSION
WE'RE READY FOR MOTION.
I HAVE ONE MORE QUESTION.
YES.
NOT RELEVANT TO THIS BUT WHILE
I'VE GOT THE EXPERT ON OUR
ORDNANCES, ANOTHER THING I'VE
NOTICED ALONG HERE IS SOME
OF THESE BUSINESSES PARK A VAN
EMBLAZONED WITH THEIR LOGO
BECAUSE THERE'S ALL THESE
PARKING SPACES THAT ARE
PERPENDICULAR TO WASHTENAW AND
IT'S QUITE FREQUENT THAT I SEE
SOMEBODY WITH A VAN PARKED
THERE WITH THEIR NAME ON IT.
>> IS THAT WITHIN OUR SITE
WHICH IS WELL IF IT'S A MOVING
VAN OR A DELIVERY VAN THEN
THAT'S PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE
GENERALLY DURING BUSINESS
HOURS.
BUT IF IT'S A VEHICLE THAT'S
PARKED OUTSIDE AND IT NEVER
MOVES AND IT HAS FLAT TIRES AND
IT'S NOT CURRENTLY REGISTERED
AND IT HAS A MESSAGE THAT
SCROLLING OR FLASHING LIKE WE
HAVE ENFORCED PREVIOUSLY AND
THAT WOULD NOT BE ALLOWED.
BUT IF IT'S FOR WATSON'S
FURNITURE AND THERE'S IT'S
BEING USED FREQUENTLY
THROUGHOUT THE DAY AND THEY'RE
MAKING DELIVERIES ALL DAY LONG
AND THAT'S NOT A FORM
OF ADVERTISING.
THEY'RE JUST A DELIVERY VAN
GACHET, THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS OR
COMMENTS?
>> I COULD MAKE A MOTION.
THANK YOU, DAVE.
ZEBA TWENTY TWENTY FIVE EURO
ONE ONE THREE TEN WASHTENAW IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE ESTABLISHED
STANDARDS FOR APPROVAL THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY
GRANTS A VARIANCE OF FIFTY NINE
SQUARE FEET FROM TABLE FIVE
POINT TWENTY FOUR DASH THREE
OTHER MIXED USE AND
NONRESIDENTIAL AND SPECIAL
PURPOSE ZONING DISTRICT
PERMANENT SIGNS.
THE SAME PACKAGE INCLUDES ONE
CHICK FIL A WALL SIGNED AT 59
SQUARE FEET AND A NINETY TWO
SQUARE FOOT MONUMENT SIGN.
THE PROPERTY IS ALLOWED TO HAVE
A MAXIMUM NINETY THREE SQUARE
FEET OF SIGNAGE AND ONE HUNDRED
FIFTY ONE SQUARE HAS BEEN
REQUESTED.
THE SIGNS MUST BE INSTALLED
PRIOR TO THE SUBMITTED PLANS
GIVE A MOTION TO HAVE SUPPORT.
THANK YOU.
>> TEN JULY NO MIKE NO DAVE
DAVE ALREADY KNOW PATTI NO DREW
NO I ALSO VOTE NO TODD NO.
THE REQUEST IS DENIED MOVING ON
WE HAVE NO UNFINISHED BUSINESS
NEW BUSINESS REPORTS FROM
COUNCIL DARMA IS NOT HERE
COMMUNICATIONS WE HAD TWO
LETTERS WHICH WE NOTED DURING
THE PUBLIC HEARING PUBLIC
COMMENT IF THERE'S ANYONE FROM
THE PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO SPEAK
ON ANY ITEM, NOW'S YOUR
OPPORTUNITY.
NO, I DON'T SEE ANYONE HERE
WITH US IN PERSON.
BUT IF ANYONE IS ACCESSING THE
MEETING REMOTELY, PLEASE PRESS
STAR NINE OR USE THE RAISED IN
BUTTON.
THERE ARE NO CALLERS AT THIS
TIME.
>> THANK YOU CHARLIE.
WITH THAT I HAVE A MOTION TO
ADJOURN.
THANK YOU JULIE.
SUPPORT FROM ALL IN FAVOR SAY
HI.
>> HI OPPOSED.
>> WE'RE ADJOURNED.
THANKS EVERYBODY.